# Unsupervised-Learning
# In this project, i work on getting insights by applying unsupervised Learning using K-means and Hierarchical clustering on a dataset from OnSports, an online gaming platform. I perform cluster analysis to identify players of different potentials of each player based on previous season performance in order to understand the patterns in player performances and fantasy returns and decide the exact price to be set for each player for the upcoming football season.

# Based on the performance of the players in the real world, players are allotted points in the fantasy sports platform every match. The objective is to create the best possible team with a fixed budget to score maximum fantasy points, and users compete against each other over an entire sports league or season. Some of these fantasy sports require actual financial investments for participation, with the chances of winning monetary rewards as well as free matchday tickets periodically. The fantasy sports market has seen tremendous growth over the past few years, with a valuation of $18.6 billion in 2019. The football (soccer) segment led in terms of market share in 2019, with over 8 million participants worldwide, and is expected to retain its dominance over the next couple of years. Digitalization is one of the primary factors driving the growth of the fantasy sports market as it allows participants the opportunity to compete on a global level and test their skills. With an increase in smartphone usage and availability of fantasy sports apps, this market is expected to witness a globe surge and reach a $48.6 billion valuation by 2027.
